fix(scrapy)!: serialize requests and HTTP cache as JSON instead of pickle (#951)
apify/apify-sdk-python: docs/03_guides/06_scrapy.mdx

- <ApiLink to="class/ApifyScheduler">`apify.scrapy.ApifyScheduler`</ApiLink> - Replaces Scrapy's default [scheduler](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/scheduler.html) with one that uses Apify's [request queue](https://docs.apify.com/platform/storage/request-queue) for storing requests. It manages enqueuing, dequeuing, and maintaining the state and priority of requests.
- <ApiLink to="class/ActorDatasetPushPipeline">`apify.scrapy.ActorDatasetPushPipeline`</ApiLink> - A Scrapy [item pipeline](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/item-pipeline.html) that pushes scraped items to Apify's [dataset](https://docs.apify.com/platform/storage/dataset). When enabled, every item produced by the spider is sent to the dataset.
- <ApiLink to="class/ApifyHttpProxyMiddleware">`apify.scrapy.ApifyHttpProxyMiddleware`</ApiLink> - A Scrapy [middleware](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/downloader-middleware.html) that manages proxy configurations. This middleware replaces Scrapy's default `HttpProxyMiddleware` to facilitate the use of Apify's proxy service.

> - <ApiLink to="class/ApifyCacheStorage">`apify.scrapy.extensions.ApifyCacheStorage`</ApiLink> - A storage backend for Scrapy's built-in [HTTP cache middleware](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/downloader-middleware.html#module-scrapy.downloadermiddlewares.httpcache). This backend uses Apify's [key-value store](https://docs.apify.com/platform/storage/key-value-store). Make sure to set `HTTPCACHE_ENABLED` and `HTTPCACHE_EXPIRATION_SECS` in your settings, or caching won't work. When the spider closes, expired and unreadable entries are cleaned up, up to `APIFY_HTTPCACHE_EXPIRATION_MAX_ITEMS` entries per run (default 100).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <ApiLink to="class/ApifyCacheStorage">`apify.scrapy.extensions.ApifyCacheStorage`</ApiLink> - A storage backend for Scrapy's built-in [HTTP cache middleware](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/downloader-middleware.html#module-scrapy.downloadermiddlewares.httpcache). This backend uses Apify's [key-value store](https://docs.apify.com/platform/storage/key-value-store). To enable caching, set `HTTPCACHE_ENABLED` and `HTTPCACHE_EXPIRATION_SECS` in your settings. By default, when the spider closes, up to 100 expired and unreadable entries per run are cleaned up. To change this number, update `APIFY_HTTPCACHE_EXPIRATION_MAX_ITEMS`.
```
